With your chosen trait under your belt, you are now ready to enter the house. 
You take a deep breath, and open the door. Welcome to Cryptic.

In this game, you will be tasked with figuring out who committed the crime, 
with what item, and in what room (similar to that of the game “Clue”). 
You will be presented with a floor plan of the house. 

Starting with the top left room, moving left to right, and then top to bottom, 
the rooms are as follows: Bedroom, Office, Entryway, Dining Room, Hallway, Bathroom, Kitchen, and Living Room
(so, the top left room is the bedroom, the hallway is the horizontal stretch in the middle of the house, 
and the bottom right room is the living room).

You are able to move freely throughout the house 
(except, you cannot walk through walls - the ‘~’ symbol marks that of a door that you can use to enter a room). 
If you reach a space that has a ‘C’ or ‘o’ on it, that means you’ve reached a character or discovery point, respectively. 
Use the interact feature to get information from these places 
(be careful, though- some interactions/events may not go smoothly!). 
Use the print known information feature if you wish to print all information you have gathered thus far.

At any time, you are able to make a simple guess for any of the three elements (weapon, person, place). 
The simple guess will let you know if you are right or wrong on that specific aspect. 
Be careful, though, because too many wrong simple guesses could cost you the game.

You begin the game with 25 lives. Various actions will cause you to gain or lose lives. 
For example, making an incorrect simple guess will lose you anywhere from 1-5 lives. 
As a result, you need to be careful with your guesses- as hitting zero lives will cause you to lose the game.

When you feel confident that you know who committed the crime, with what, and where, you can make your final accusation. 
If all three elements are guessed correctly, and you are above the lives threshold 
(have a healthy amount of lives remaining (greater than or equal to 10)), you successfully solved the case (you win)! 
Otherwise, you did not successfully solve the case, and will lose. So, make sure you’re ready before you commit to making a final guess.

And, with that, Detective, you’re off! Good luck with your mission.
